advanced-visual-editor.js:147 ðŸš€ Initializing Advanced Visual Editor...
advanced-visual-editor.js:183 ðŸ”¥ Firebase initialized for visual editor
advanced-visual-editor.js:1247 âœ… Content loaded from Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:262 âœ… Loaded 20 themes in theme selector
advanced-visual-editor.js:165 âœ… Advanced Visual Editor initialized successfully
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:557 âœ… Generated default content for About page
advanced-visual-editor.js:557 âœ… Generated default content for Contact page
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from luxury-fine-art to earthy-boho
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from earthy-boho to modern-luxe
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from modern-luxe to monochrome-studio
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from monochrome-studio to dark-moody-wedding
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from dark-moody-wedding to fashion-forward
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from fashion-forward to romantic-serif
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from romantic-serif to commercial-grid
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from commercial-grid to film-vibe
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from film-vibe to urban-black-gold
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from urban-black-gold to cottagecore-vibes
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from cottagecore-vibes to rustic-barn
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from rustic-barn to luxury-fine-art
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from luxury-fine-art to street-photography
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from street-photography to scenic-landscapes
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from scenic-landscapes to scrolling-story
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
advanced-visual-editor.js:552 ðŸ”„ Ensuring all pages have content...
advanced-visual-editor.js:540 Theme changed from scrolling-story to storybook-magazine
advanced-visual-editor.js:1181 âœ… Content saved to Firebase
